`README.md` updates (#25)
pivlab/manugen-ai: README.md

Docker Compose is typically included with Docker Desktop installations, but if you need to install it separately, see [the Docker Compose installation instructions](https://docs.docker.com/compose/install/).

### (Optional) Ollama for local LLM models

If you want to run LLM models locally, you'll need to have [Ollama](https://ollama.com/) installed on your machine.
Once you have Ollama installed, you want to run the Ollama server, which will allow the application to access the model.
Make sure the Ollama server is listening to all addresses so you can use our Docker images.
If the Ollama server is running as a system service already, stop it first (in Ubuntu Linux, you'll need to run `sudo systemctl stop ollama.service`).
Then, start it manually:

```bash

> OLLAMA_HOST=0.0.0.0 ollama serve

Reviewer: Out of curiosity, were you unable to get your local ollama to connect to the app before this? I didn't need this env var, although I imagine it can't hurt to include it.

```

Make sure the Ollama server is accepting requests by inspecting the logs.
The command above should output something like `"Listening on [::]:11434"` (it *should not* include `127.0.0.1`, otherwise we won't be able to connect to it from a Docker container).

> To check the logs in OS X, you can run the following command to tail the server logs: `tail -f ~/.ollama/logs/server.log`.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
To check the logs in macOS, you can run the following command to tail the server logs: `tail -f ~/.ollama/logs/server.log`.
```

Then, you'll need to pull a model of your choice, which is used by the *Manugen AI* package for invoking tools, generating text, and interpreting figures.
Make sure the model you pick [supports "tools"](https://ollama.com/search?c=tools), such as [Qwen3](https://ollama.com/library/qwen3):

```bash
# qwen3 supports tools and thinking
ollama pull qwen3:8b
```

If you want to use Manugen-AI to upload figures and interpret them, you'll also need a model that [supports "vision"](https://ollama.com/search?c=vision), such as [Gemma3](https://ollama.com/library/gemma3):

```bash
# gemma3 supports vision, which can be used to interpret your figures
ollama pull gemma3:4b
```

For the sake of keeping computational demands low, **the models suggested here are small and may not yield the best results.**
You'll need to test which model works best for your task.

> In general, larger models perform better (you can try larger versions of Qwen3 and Gemma3), provided you have a GPU with sufficient VRAM to maintain acceptable inference times.

Reviewer 2: Adding in "high context size" here - this seemed to play a part in quality outcomes with ollama models when I tested a few.

```suggestion
In general, we've observed that large models or those with high context size perform better (you can try larger versions of Qwen3 and Gemma3), provided you have a GPU with sufficient VRAM to maintain acceptable inference times.
```

```

> Browse to http://localhost:8901 and you should see the frontend.

Reviewer 2: I know this wasn't modified, but noticed it and thought it would follow in alignment with these changes.
```suggestion
Use a web browser to open http://localhost:8901 and to view the frontend user interface.
```
